now I will ask you some questions that
even a 4 year old could answer
four simple questions about the
take care of your teeth after this
we will understand all the errors that
we commit with the care of our mouth
what is going to stick to the teeth
like bacterial plaque and that plate
bacterial is what is going to injure the
gums exactly while we've been
sleeping that are 8 hours we have
been sleeping the bacteria have
been working hard hard hard
producing acids those acids are going to
be in our mouth and they will damage the
enamel will erode it will
become sensitive to the wind then it is
very important that you when you
lift that perfect feeling we're
all agree but you also have to
do it immediately after eating
and when we go to bed, let's say that the most
important would be the first
washed teeth in the day and then
after each meal and at bedtime
very good perfect
alicia like others we are going to see this
Question
which of the two actions is more
important the washing of the mouth or the use
of good dental floss doctor this more
important is brushing your teeth already
that's what
make that bacteria and that all the
bacterial plaque that is between our
teeth can be removed more easily
The brushing technique is very
important roughly 90% bar
what is the use of dental floss is a
brushing complement very well
perfect let's see what it says
our screen the mouthwash or the
use of dental floss to see ahead the
use of dental floss
look at you and this is let's see the
why the mouth wash is very
important but nothing is going to replace the
Flossing all has happened to us that
that piece of meat has been left
appointment and between the teeth and that not what
we can get that out, it's just going to take away the
floss or toothbrush or the
mouth rinse so we should all
use dental floss
for patients who use bridges
There is a special dental floss
for bridges so no excuse all
to use the perfect dental floss
thank you very much everyone for our
third question ready zacatecas hello
how are you how about Friday what is your
name Aaron Carol that such a carol we are going to
see how much pasta should be put in the
ajá brush the size of a coin
50 cents let's say the size of a
pool or cover all the sows of the
brush
good doctor really good I cover
all because I think that if I miss him
like a shelter is if you think that no
I'm washing well that I loved your
he asks because besides there we see ourselves
involved a little in the
television commercials that teach us
to gender and toothpaste so happy
All the doctor please tell us what is
the answer has to be the size of
a lentil and because this is very
important not to fill all the brush
dental with all the toothpaste is
only necessary to place the size
from an ear three things
very important doctor when one places
a lot of toothpaste what will produce
is a lot of foam is going to fill with foam
then if the mouth is filled with foam
one is going to have the false sensation of
cleaning that is a 12 the pasta
teeth have an abrasive component
to remove stains if you place
a lot of toothpaste then what is going to
do is scratch the teeth is going to
publish a google book
and the third thing is that if you place a lot
toothpaste will see a lot of fluoride but
being able to produce a
a flower we have a picture of you this
it could be considered as a fluorosis
because in reality also the more
soap there is more slips the brush and less
clean there is another of the little things
then if we here brush
teeth
what we do is place here a little
of toothpaste and we're going to have
exactly the amount we need
thank you very much let's see our
last question
patrick for you how are you?
see how much you should change the
toothbrush is very important a
month
three months nine months
well I have my brush one year but it is
more frequent than we
we imagine but well I think three
months that in three months we will see the
correct answer doctor we have a month
three months or nine months nine months in
the correct answer
in this study should last
about three months as we
we realize that the brush should
change it because the bristles are started
to open if the sows start to
open a month means that we
we are using very strong the
patients for wanting to have teeth
clean they pick up the brush and they do it
strong that what they are doing is
sand your teeth so you know brush
the despacito soft toothbrush with love
what are your teeth but also all
We have learned a little bit more
mistakes we have had in during our
answers but I'm sure with
these indications everyone will take care
much better your denture and prevent
other diseases thank you very much